    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Organized HTML. Kind of like a studyguide outline in college. There are Titles, Headings, SubHeadings, and content 
organized in a systematic way to help the reader follow along with ease.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

HTML is used to structure a webpage using HTML elements.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

An attribute helps describe an html tag i guess. They're used in the opening tags.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

H1 is the top most heading. should really only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

Ancho Tag and Link Tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

Usually Link Tags to CSS or JS files. Title and other meta data

    7. What is an id? 

an ID is a unique selector that can be named anything. Its used to refrence the specific element that it is assigned to.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

You can add an ID to anything

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

Only Once.

    10. What is a class? 

Class is similar to ID but it referenes a group of elements instead of a specific element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

anything that can be grouped

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

as many times as youd like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

add "target="_blank""  as an attribute in the starter tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

used for alternative text 

    15. How do I reference an id?

in CSS you reference the the id with a "#" symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

a section divides elements and content semantically. A div is more used to break elements into sizeable pieces to 
style later. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 

CSS is used for styling elements. changing their appearance

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2{}....you put the selector name and follow it with two curly braces {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

an id is a unique selector. Should only be used once. A class selects a group of elements. You can use a 
class to style a group of images in a specfic section. you can use ID to style a specific image. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.class{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?

p .human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

div (space) img {}

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

.sidebar(space)a....call the class, call the anchor tag

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

.classname :hover....its an action upon a selector

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing:3px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

text-transform:uppercase;
text-transform:lowercase;
text-trasnform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div {
border-style:dotted;
border-color:black;(black is the default color right?)
border-width:1px;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

* selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* 
*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls-la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rmv
    34. Why should I use version control? 

it helps keep track of who made what changes and when. And in the instance where a change was made you want to revert back,
you can.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

whenever you finish a step?

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git-push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

fork
invite collaborator 
clone
branch with FirstName LastName
edit
commit?
push to branch?
pull request?

https://codepen.io/eddie98lopez/pen/YzqYyqQ